welcome back to recapped today i am
going to show you a thriller slash
horror film from 2006 titled hills have
eyes
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the film begins with three men testing
for radioactivity in the new mexico
desert suddenly a bloody man jumps into
one of the men's views begging for help
pluto a mutant disfigured by nuclear
testing stabs one of the men and
violently bangs him on the ground the
other two men are then quickly
slaughtered and chained to the back of a
car which is driven away we then cut to
our protagonist ethel carter and her
husband big bob carter they are
traveling from cleveland ohio to san
diego california on their silver wedding
anniversary
also present is their daughter brenda
son bobby eldest daughter lynn her
husband doug bukowski along with their
baby daughter catherine and the german
shepherds beauty and beast while big bob
talks to the gas station manager we see
a mutant grab bobby's red sweatshirt out
of the car and run off bobby and brenda
head away from the building and bobby
goes into a nearby outhouse he is
urinating when he sees someone watching
him through the window lingo is looking
for one of the dogs that have ran off
after finding the dog she discovers a
bag but doesn't look in it she is then
startled after she sees the manager
standing right behind her she then grabs
the dog and quickly runs out after
believing that lynn has seen the
contents of the stolen bag the attendant
tells bob of a shortcut through the
hills which is actually the secret trap
after driving a few miles along the
shortcut the tires are punctured by a
hidden spike belt and the truck's wheels
burst causing the truck to crash into a
nearby ditch
bob walks back to the gas station for a
tow truck and doug walks the opposite
way to get help while the remaining
members of the family are being watched
by someone through a pair of binoculars
beauty runs off into the hills and bobby
chases after her eventually finding her
gutted corpse frightened and distraught
bobby runs off but slips and falls
knocking himself unconscious
a young female mutant named ruby who had
stolen his sweatshirt comes across him
and is intrigued by him while her
brother goggle chews over the dead dog
later bob finally makes it to the
station and finds the hysterical gas
station attendant who commits suicide by
shooting himself in the head in fear bob
tries to flee from the scene in a car
but he gets attacked by the mutant
leader papa jupiter and gets carried off
into the mining caves nearby by jupiter
along with jupiter's eldest son lizard
and pluto when bobby awakes he returns
to the trailer and does not tell his
family of beauty's demise lin tells him
that they tried the cb and heard heavy
breathing doug returns from the road he
traveled with a fishing pole a baseball
bat and a teddy bear meanwhile beast
breaks free of his chain and runs into
the hills where he finds what's left of
beauty bobby is worried about his father
who has not yet returned doug promises
bobby they will search for bob if he
does not return by midnight as they try
to sleep pluto sneaks into the trailer
finds brenda and attempts to take
advantage of her
outside the trailer bobby wakes up lin
and doug telling them about the people
in the hills and of beauty's death
inside pluto holds brenda down and
prevents her from screaming the others
are about to discover pluto when
suddenly an explosion in the distance
draws their attention discovering that
bob has been tied to a tree and set on
fire doug runs into the trailer to fetch
a fire extinguisher as lizard slips
inside unnoticed everyone unknowingly
leaves the helpless brenda alone with
the two violent men lizard notices
pluto's unsuccessful efforts to take
advantage of brenda furious he throws
pluto off and does it himself pluto then
sees catherine in her crib and observes
her as lizard continues to take
advantage of brenda doug manages to put
out the fire and unties bob already dead
while lynn returns to the trailer to see
why brenda is screaming and is greeted
by lizard holding baby catherine and big
bob's gun while pluto is holding brenda
after lin hits him with a frying pan
lizard disarms her and threatens
catherine with the gun he forces open
lin's blouse and sucks the milk from her
breasts ethel enters with a large flat
rock attempting to pulverize lizard but
pluto calls out to warn him
lizard spotting her shoots her in the
stomach
lin then uses a screwdriver and stabs
lizard who then shoots her in the head
pluto and lizard flee the trailer
holding brenda and catherine hostage
when lizard hears doug and bobby
approaching he tries to shoot brenda but
the gun is out of bullets he promises
brenda that he will be back for her
before fleeing with pluto who still has
the baby doug and bobby return to the
trailer discover the bodies and realize
that catherine has been taken
goggle the mutant who killed beauty
watches the trailer through binoculars
but he is attacked and killed by beast
the next morning doug goes off in
pursuit of their attackers beast leads
doug through a tunnel that contains the
graves of miners once out of the tunnel
doug finds an abandoned nuclear testing
village and enters the house where
catherine is kept but is knocked
unconscious by big mama who he thought
was busy watching television he then
awakes in an ice box where the mutants
keep the bodies of their victims he
panics and bangs on the plastic cover
eventually knocking it loose he returns
to his task of finding catherine only to
encounter big brain who tells him the
story of the mutants who were mutated by
the fallout from the nuclear tests and
then getting attacked by pluto who
breaks through a door after a fierce
struggle during which doug loses the
ring finger and pinky on his left hand
he is able to trick him by pretending to
cry pluto laughs and gets momentarily
distracted giving doug time to slam a
screwdriver through his foot on the
floor pinning him down he then takes a
small american flag and shoves it
through the back of pluto's throat and
finally finishes him by slamming the
blade of his own axe into his head
doug then surprises the mutant cyst
outside the house and uses pluto's axe
to kill him chopping his knee open and
knocking him over the hood of a car
where he is axed in the back and is
finally killed when doug swings the pick
end into his eye doug takes his shotgun
and heads off
big brain tells lizard to kill catherine
but is killed by beast lizard takes a
cleaver and prepares to kill catherine
but finds that instead of catherine it
is a pig ruby has taken catherine and
run into the hills doug sees ruby on the
hill and chases her as well at the
trailer ethel's body is stolen and
dragged into the hills and bobby finds
papa jupiter eating ethel's heart
jupiter pursues bobby to the trailer
where brenda releases gas from the
propane tanks as bobby runs inside
attaching a strip of matches to the
sliding door behind him
bobby binds papa jupiter's hand to the
window after he and brenda escape
jupiter breaks free of the bungee cord
and opens the sliding door which strikes
the matches and ignites the gas inside
the trailer causing it to explode in the
hills ruby is about to return catherine
to doug when lizard attacks
doug beats and then shoots lizard in the
chest neck and finally the shoulder ruby
gives catherine back to doug who does
not notice lizard stand up having
survived
ruby throws herself at lizard plunging
them over a cliff stopping lizard from
shooting doug and catherine and
sacrificing herself in the process
bobby and brenda walk through the ruins
of their trailer and find papa jupiter
still alive though impaled brenda kills
papa jupiter with a pickaxe to the head
brenda then spots doug with catherine
and beast and the four are reunited as
they celebrate their apparent victory a
pair of anonymous binoculars watches
from the hills
make sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications for more videos like this
thanks for watching